Added to Nested AD example how to use `batched_jacobian` (#964)
LuxDL/Lux.jl: docs/src/manual/nested_autodiff.md

That's pretty good, of course you will have some error from the finite differences
calculation.

!!! tip

    Notice that in this example the Jacobian `J` consists on the full matrix of derivatives of `smodel` with respect
    the different inputs in `x`. In order to avoid the unnecessary calculation of zero entries of the Jacobian, you can 
    instead use [`batched_jacobian`](@ref) to parse the calculation of the Jacobian per each single input. 
    ```@example nested_ad

>     J = batched_jacobian(smodel, AutoForwardDiff(), x)

Reviewer: make it into a full function like `loss_function1`. Then if you add the checks with `@assert ... # hide` those will ensure that the computation is correct and won't be exposed in the docs

Author: I will do it! But please take a look at my following comment.

That's pretty good, of course you will have some error from the finite differences
calculation.

### Using Batched Jacobian for Multiple Inputs 

Notice that in this example the Jacobian `J` consists on the full matrix of derivatives of `smodel` with respect
the different inputs in `x`. In many cases, we are interested in computing the Jacobian with respect to each 
input individually, avoiding the unnecessary calculation of zero entries of the Jacobian. This can be achived with 
[`batched_jacobian`](@ref) to parse the calculation of the Jacobian per each single input. Using the same example 
from the previous section:

```@example nested_ad
model = Chain(Dense(2 => 4, tanh), Dense(4 => 2))
ps, st = Lux.setup(StableRNG(0), model)
x = randn(StableRNG(0), Float32, 2, 10)
y = randn(StableRNG(11), Float32, 2, 10)

function loss_function_batched(model, x, ps, st, y)
    # Make it a stateful layer
    smodel = StatefulLuxLayer{true}(model, ps, st)
    ŷ = smodel(x)
    loss_emp = sum(abs2, ŷ .- y)

>     # You can use `Zygote.jacobian` as well but ForwardDiff tends to be more efficient here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # You can use `AutoZygote()` as well but `AutoForwardDiff()` tends to be more efficient here
```
